Show warning if incompatible spring boot version is detected (#3233)
getsentry/sentry-java: CHANGELOG.md

- Add `enableScopePersistence` option to disable `PersistingScopeObserver` used for ANR reporting which may increase performance overhead. Defaults to `true` ([#3218](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/3218))
  - When disabled, the SDK will not enrich ANRv2 events with scope data (e.g. breadcrumbs, user, tags, etc.)

> - Show warning if incompatible spring boot version is detected ([#3233](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/3233))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We now display a warning on startup if an incompatible version of Spring Boot is detected ([#3233](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/3233))
  - This should help notice a mismatching Sentry dependency, especially when upgrading a Spring Boot application
```
